Among the algorithms of hierarchial clustering, there ate two main types: 

		1) Top-Down algorithmswork on: 
			A) All objects are placed in one cluster
			B) which is then divided into smaller and smaller clusters. 

		2) Bottom-up algorithms: 
			A) They place each object in a separate cluster at the beginning of the work
			B) Then merge clusters into larger ones until all the objects in the datasete are contained in the one cluster
			C) Building a system of nested partitions.
They usually make a tree.


There are several metrics or linkage criteria for cluster union used in hierarchical clustering methods: 

	1) Single linkage: This method, the distance between the two clusters is determined by the distance between the two closest objects in different clusters. 
The resulting cluster tend to chain together. 

	2) Complete linkage: This method the distances between clusters are determined by the largest distance between any two objects in different clusters. 
This method usually works very well when objects come from separate groups. 
If the clusters are elongated or their natural type is chained, then this method is unsuitable. 

	3) Unweighted pairwise mean linkage: This method the distance between two different clusters is calculated as an average distance between all pairs of objects in them. 
This method is useful when objects from different groups but it work equally well in the case of elongated clusters. 

	4) Weighted pairwise mean linkage: This method is identical to the unweighted pairwise mean method, except that the size of the corresponding clusters is used as a weighting factor in the calculations. 
Therefor, this method should be used when we assume unequal cluster sizes. 

	5) Weighted centroid linkage: this method the distance between two clusters is defined as the distance between their centers of mass. 

	6) Weighted centroid linkage (median): This method is identical to the previous one, except that the calculations used weights for the distance measured between cluster sizes. 
Therefore, if there are significant differeces in cluster sizes, this method is preferable to the previous one. 
